In this assignment, we were tasked with analyzing the test scores of all the students within a district to aggregate the data to reveal any trends in schools’ performances. We started with a dataset that had every student’s name, school they attended, grades, and several other useful pieces of information. With this, we could sort the data in meaningful ways that would help someone make strategic decisions towards future school budgets and priorities. We first created a dataframe that showed the total budget, average math & reading scores, and the percentage of students passing overall across all schools. We then created more dataframes that sorted our information in different ways, such as breakdowns by school, by overall percent of students passing, by lowest percent of students passing, scores by school spending, and more. A conclusion one could come up with from these calculations is that, on average, schools of over 2,000 students have significantly worse-performing students than schools with less than 2,000 students. Large schools have an overall passing rate of about 58%, while medium and small schools have an average passing rate of about 90%. Another conclusion one could come up with from these calculations is that providing a pricier spending range per student does not equate to better student scores in math and reading. After adjusting school budgets for their number of students, we observed that schools that had cheaper spending ranges per student had better overall passing rates, which implies that the budget allocated per student does not have as significant of an impact on their performance in assignments as the number of students a school has. 
